CTOR-1020 : Rework the SSH key exchange section in applications-monitoring-centreon-central (#3722)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/applications-monitoring-centreon-central.md

### SSH key exchange

> The checks related to **Broker-Stats** service should be done from a poller and it is done through SSH. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The checks related to the **Broker-Stats** service should be done from a poller and are done through SSH. 
```

If you only have a central server, then checks will be initiated and performed on and by the central server itself. 

> You can skip below steps for SSH key exchange if the central server monitors itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can skip the steps below for SSH key exchange if the central server monitors itself.
```

> > NB : It is strongly recommended to monitor the central from an external poller rather than from the central itself.

Author: ```suggestion
> NB : It is strongly recommended to monitor the central from an external poller rather than from the central server itself.
```

Open a `root` command-line session on:

* the poller that will monitor the cluster
* both of the cluster nodes

Then switch to `centreon-engine`'s bash environment on both nodes:

```
su - centreon-engine
```

Then run these commands on both nodes:

```bash
ssh-keygen -t ed25519 -a 100
```

We have generated a pair of keys on each server, and the `~/.ssh` directory. 

Run this command on the poller to display the user's public key:

```bash
cat ~/.ssh/id_ed25519.pub
```

Once done, copy the content of the public key file displayed by `cat` and paste it to `~/.ssh/authorized_keys` (must be created) on both of the cluster's nodes and apply the correct file permissions (still as the `centreon-engine` user):

```
chmod 600 ~/.ssh/authorized_keys
```

The keys exchange must be validated by an initial connection from each node to the other in order to accept and register the peer node's SSH fingerprint (still as `centreon-engine` user):

```
ssh <cluster-node-ip-address>
```

Then exit the `centreon-engine` session typing `exit` or `Ctrl-D`.

> The `centreon-engine` user is now able to log in *via* SSH to both central nodes.

Reviewer: no cluster
